On Screen Keyboard
==================

Quick Start
-
This solution is built on dot net core 2.0.  It requires the dot net core 2.0 SDK to be installed to build.  This is installed automatically with the latest version of Visual Studio 2017.

1. Run `PublishBin.cmd` to build the solution to the `bin` folder.
2. Run `RunTest.cmd` to pipe the data in the file `data\TestData.txt` through the `MapToKeyboardInput` utility and write the output to `stdout`.

The Solution
-
`MapToKeyboardInput.exe` is a utility that reads lines from `stdin` and translates the text to cursor instructions, which are written to `stdout`.  This allows for easy use in scripts, the most likely use for a utility like this.  To read the test data and write it to a file called `output.txt` the command would be:

	cat data\TestData.txt | bin\MapToKeyboardInput.exe > output.txt
    
In the solution, the core logic is broken out into it's own assembly that could be referenced by other projects that need this functionality.  The MapToKeyboardInput project is a thin command line interface to the OnScreenKeyboard.Logic API.  The solution also contains some simple tests of the API.

---

The Problem
-----------
On screen keyboards are the bane of DVR users. To help alleviate the pain, one local company is asking you to implement part of a voice to text search for their DVR by developing an algorithm to script the on screen keyboard.
The keyboard is laid out as follows:

```
ABCDEF
GHIJKL
MNOPQR
STUVWX
YZ1234
567890
```

Please write a program which scripts the path of the cursor on the keyboard. The program should: 

1. Accept a flat file as input.
	1. Each new line will contain a search term
2. Output the path for the DVR to execute for each line
	1. Assume the cursor will always start on the A
	2. Use the following characters to make up the path
		1. U = up
		2. D = down
		3. L = left
		4. R = right
		5. S = space
		6. \# = select
3.	Comma delimit the result

Sample Input
------------
IT Crowd

Sample Output
-------------
D,R,R,#,D,D,L,#,S,U,U,U,R,#,D,D,R,R,R,#,L,L,L,#,D,R,R,#,U,U,U,L,#

The Fine Print
--------------
Please use whatever techniques you feel are applicable to solve the problem. We suggest that you approach this exercise as if this code was part of a larger system. The end result should be representative of your abilities and style.  We prefer that you submit your solution in a language targeting the .NET Framework to help us better evaluate your code. 

Please fork this repository. If your solution involves code auto generated by a development tool, please commit it separately from your own work.  When you have completed your solution, please issue a pull request to notify us that you are ready.

Have fun.
