README.md, before:

On Screen Keyboard
==================

The Problem
-----------
On screen keyboards are the bane of DVR users. To help alleviate the pain, one local company is asking you to implement part of a voice to text search for their DVR by developing an algorithm to script the on screen keyboard.
The keyboard is laid out as follows:

```
ABCDEF
GHIJKL
MNOPQR
STUVWX
YZ1234
567890
```

Please write a program which scripts the path of the cursor on the keyboard. The program should: 

1. Accept a flat file as input.
	1. Each new line will contain a search term
2. Output the path for the DVR to execute for each line
	1. Assume the cursor will always start on the A
	2. Use the following characters to make up the path
		1. U = up
		2. D = down
		3. L = left
		4. R = right
		5. S = space
		6. \# = select
3.	Comma delimit the result

Sample Input
------------
IT Crowd

Sample Output
-------------
D,R,R,#,D,D,L,#,S,U,U,U,R,#,D,D,R,R,R,#,L,L,L,#,D,R,R,#,U,U,U,L,#

The Fine Print
--------------
Please use whatever techniques you feel are applicable to solve the problem. We suggest that you approach this exercise as if this code was part of a larger system. The end result should be representative of your abilities and style.  We prefer that you submit your solution in a language targeting the .NET Framework to help us better evaluate your code. 

Please fork this repository. If your solution involves code auto generated by a development tool, please commit it separately from your own work.  When you have completed your solution, please issue a pull request to notify us that you are ready.

Have fun.

Commit message:

On Screen Keyboard Coding Assignment. - Includes unit test - Includes input file with 3 inputs - Generated output comes from a separate DLL for easier integration with your existing app

README.md, after:

On Screen Keyboard
==================
To Run
-----------
Open the solution in Visual Studio and build.
Run the console app. It will use the input.txt file located in console application directory as input.
The DVR's show will be displayed on one line of the cmd window, followed by the output on the next line.


The Problem
-----------
On screen keyboards are the bane of DVR users. To help alleviate the pain, one local company is asking you to implement part of a voice to text search for their DVR by developing an algorithm to script the on screen keyboard.
The keyboard is laid out as follows:

```
ABCDEF
GHIJKL
MNOPQR
STUVWX
YZ1234
567890
```

Please write a program which scripts the path of the cursor on the keyboard. The program should: 

1. Accept a flat file as input.
	1. Each new line will contain a search term
2. Output the path for the DVR to execute for each line
	1. Assume the cursor will always start on the A
	2. Use the following characters to make up the path
		1. U = up
		2. D = down
		3. L = left
		4. R = right
		5. S = space
		6. \# = select
3.	Comma delimit the result

Sample Input
------------
IT Crowd

Sample Output
-------------
D,R,R,#,D,D,L,#,S,U,U,U,R,#,D,D,R,R,R,#,L,L,L,#,D,R,R,#,U,U,U,L,#

The Fine Print
--------------
Please use whatever techniques you feel are applicable to solve the problem. We suggest that you approach this exercise as if this code was part of a larger system. The end result should be representative of your abilities and style.  We prefer that you submit your solution in a language targeting the .NET Framework to help us better evaluate your code. 

Please fork this repository. If your solution involves code auto generated by a development tool, please commit it separately from your own work.  When you have completed your solution, please issue a pull request to notify us that you are ready.

Have fun.
